I'm most proud of my
most intangible skill,
and it's the bridging
different teams together.
I tend to understand complex
systems pretty quickly.
And can articulate the main issues to
any number of different stakeholders.
So maybe pointing out process
inefficiencies with business users
or problem spaces to the product people,
or technology needs to engineers.
I can usually build a theoretical
framework that overlaps the
goals of very different people or
facilitate workshops if it turns out
those goals don't overlap at all.
From a design tool set:
Another strength is my versatility.
I'm comfortable working in all
phases of the product life cycle, so I
can help young PMs with their discovery,
I can conduct research.
I can sketch and build UI, and I can
code or help the engineers directly.